so mr. Foley uh mr. Ripley and I have
had a long discussion about your role in
the company and it was his feeling you'd
be happiest working down here in Miami
how's that sound to you sounds great
good about a 42 long right eye
I'm about 42 like 42 42 regular
okay let's see how she fits
is that good uniform the uniform
kidding me
security guard would you stop hey take
it easy it's all right Peggy it's under
control you know something I wasn't sure
that you show up here but I was very
sure if you did you could throw this job
in my face let me tell you something
every single thing you've done with your
life up until this point in the real
world means nothing less than nothing
you're a bank robber it's not a very
marketable skill we don't see a lot of
old bank robbers walking around with a
pension plan now do we I think you know
this that's why you're here today I've
offered you a lousy job with a lousy
wage you want something better why don't
you show me you can change then I'll
offer you something better a lot better
but until then my friend you'll have to
earn it
how did the way you learn it
married some rich broad owns a company
selling off a piece of time then
divorcing her is this it's a new
broccoli pull yourself up by the
bootstraps of back in prison a
guy like you in a place like that you
were ice cream for freaks got that
dumpling Maurice and a dozen other guys
were to blend you till you had nothing
until you were nothing I saved your ass
so your pardon me if I don't want to sit
on a stool all day and say sign
in here please or hey pal you can't park
here all right dick I can't do
it dick I'm disappointed too you good oh
hey here we go what job you promised you
boys there's two ways we can do this
now what I
[Music]